1.
History has a habit of reverberating through the decades in Europe. In Italy, where communists once held sway, nationalists are now in the ascendancy. While each country has its own set of circumstances, there's a common skepticism of the European Union, a desire to reassert national control.

1.1
Follain (2018) states that throughout the decades in Europe, history repeats itself. For example in Italy the nationalists have risen from a past of communism. He states that the nationalist sentiment is a common feeling in the European Union.

1.2
Throughout the decades in Europe, history repeats itself, Follain told. For example in Italy the nationalists have risen from a past of communism. He states that the nationalist sentiment is a common feeling in the European Union.

1.3
Throughout the decades in Europe, history repeats itself, Follain told. For example in Italy the nationalists have risen from a past of communism. He states that the nationalist sentiment is rising the political climate is changing.

2.
Paraphrasing, because of what it asks students to do with the original source material, provides insight into how well students read as well as write.
Hirvela, A. and Du, Q. (2013) "Why am I paraphrasing?" BIA: Birmingham.

2.1
According to Hirvela and Du (2013), paraphrasing skills are a good indicator or reading ability in addition to writing ability due to the demands placed on the student.

2.2
Paraphrasing is a way to tell how well students perform in reading and writing (Hirvela and Du, 2013).

3.
One important function of the paraphrase is to help a writer restate another author's ideas without copying them exactly.
Keck, C. (2006) "The use of paraphrase in summary writing: A comparison of L1 and L2 writers" Journal of Second Language Writing, 15(4): 261-278.

3.1
Paraphrasing has the essential function of helping the writer to restate the thoughts of another author without replicating them in an exact manner.

3.2
For Keck (2006), helping one writer to express the ideas of another using different words is a key feature in paraphrase.

3.3
An essential function of the paraphrase is to help a writer reformulate the thoughts of another author without exact copying. (Keck 2006)

3.4
An essential task of the paraphrase is to aid a writer in reformalating the thoughts of another author without exact copying. (Keck 2006)

3.5
A good task of the paraphrase is helping a writer to reformulate the thoughts of another author without exact copying.

3.6
Keck (2006) say that the an important function of paraphrasing is helping a writer restating the thoughts of another author without exact copying.

3.7
Keck (2006) stated that an essential function of paraphrasing is helping a writer restating the thoughts of another author; there function is also to avoid plagiarism.
